- [Instructor] When building batch jobs,
there may be consecutive sequences of steps
that need to appear in every job you build.
When this situation occurs it is important to remember
the DRY principle, do not repeat yourself.
To help us adhere to this principle,
Spring Batch provides us with two strategies
to reuse jobs and common step sequences.
If we look at these two jobs,
we can see they are not exactly the same,
but there is some repetition in the flow
because both jobs execute Step B and Step C in sequence.
This part of the flow can be externalized
into a separate flow and defined as a Bean
using Spring Batch's Flow Builder.
Once an external flow is constructed,
both jobs can execute the flow using a flow step
within their configuration
allowing the same flow to be reused in multiple jobs.
Using external flows is a better approach in this scenario
because if Step B needed to change,
the changes could be made in one place,
however both jobs would incorporate the modified logic.
Now let's take a look at another reusability strategy,
nested jobs.
If we inspect these jobs you will notice
that the final two steps in Job One
are the same steps found in Job Two.
Instead of defining these steps in both places,
it would be best just to execute Job Two
after Step B in Job One.
Using Spring Batch's job step,
we can execute a job within a job,
nesting one job inside of the other.
This avoids repeating the same steps
found in an existing job.
So instead of executing Step C and D,
we'll just use a job step after Step B in Job One
to execute Job Two,
then Job Two will run as a separate job
once we have completed Step B in Job One.
So these are two ways
we can get some reuse within Spring Batch.
Let's take a look at how to implement
these strategies in the upcoming lessons.